AITA for getting annoyed at my friends for constantly bringing up their own stuff during our game nights?

Hey everyone,

So I (17M) have this group of friends I hang out with regularly. We usually get together for game nights and it's a lot of fun, but lately, I've been feeling pretty annoyed with some of the things they do, and I'm starting to wonder if I'm the one in the wrong.

First off, there's Gerald Lu. Gerald is an avid League of Legends player and, honestly, he's really good at it. Like, really good. But the problem is, whenever we're playing other games or even just hanging out, he can't stop talking about League. He'll constantly bring up his latest plays, strategies, and how he's climbing the ranks. It's like League is the only thing on his mind, and it can get pretty tiring to hear about it all the time. He doesn't even want to play Dress to Impress with me.

Then there's Andres Garcia. Andres went to Berkeley, and while that's great and all, he can't seem to go five minutes without mentioning it. Whether we're talking about games, food, or even just random stuff, he always finds a way to slip in a comment about his time at Berkeley. It's gotten to the point where it's almost a running joke, but it's not really funny anymore, but I can't tell him that or he will think I am just jealous.

And finally, there's Matt Emgymnasium. Matt is super nonchalant about everything, which is usually fine, but he's also ranked Immortal in Valorant and owns this huge top-of-the-line esports company called Wumbo. Every time we play Valorant, he acts like it's no big deal that he's so good, and he'll casually mention things about running his company like it's just another day at the office. It makes the rest of us feel kind of inadequate, to be honest.

So, the other night, we were having our usual game night, and the same stuff happened. Gerald was going on about his latest League match, Andres kept slipping in Berkeley references, and Matt was being his usual cool, high-ranking self. I ended up snapping a bit and told them they need to tone it down and think about how their constant bragging makes the rest of us feel. They all looked pretty taken aback, and the rest of the night was kind of awkward.

Now I'm wondering, AITA for getting annoyed and telling my friends to stop constantly bringing up their own stuff? I feel like I might have overreacted, but at the same time, it's been really frustrating to deal with. What do you think?